Update Contentful docs (fixes #11815) (#11832)
mozilla/bedrock: docs/contentful.rst

If you develop a new feature that adds to Contentful (e.g. page or component) and you author it in the sandbox, you will need to re-create it in master before the corresponding bedrock changes hit production.

Troubleshooting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you run into trouble on an issue, be sure to check in these places first and include the relevant information in requests for help (i.e. environment).

1. Contentful Content Model & Entries
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* What environment are you using?
* Do you have the necessary permissions to make changes?
* Do you see all the entry fields you need? Do those fields have the correct value options?

2. `Bedrock API (api.py) <https://github.com/mozilla/bedrock/blob/main/bedrock/contentful/api.py>`_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* What environment are you using?

> * Can you find a ``def`` for the content type you need?

Reviewer: Micro-nit - `def` isn't a common term in Python

```suggestion
* Can you find a Python function definition for the content type you need?
```
